_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Postdoc @ <a href='https://www.vanderbilt.edu'>Vandeerbilt University</a>. Nashville, TN, U.S.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Featheringill Hall 314</p>
    <p>Vanderbilt University</p>
    <p>Nashville, TN, 37212</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false #true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false #true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

modified:   _pages/about.md 	modified:   _pages/cv.md 	modified:   _pages/dropdown.md 	modified:   _pages/repositories.md 	modified:   _pages/teaching.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Postdoc @ <a href='https://www.vanderbilt.edu'>Vandeerbilt University</a>. Nashville, TN, U.S.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true #false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Featheringill Hall 314</p>
    <p>Vanderbilt University</p>
    <p>Nashville, TN, 37212</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false #true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false #true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am currently a postdoctoral research assistant at the Machine Intelligence and Neural Technologies (MINT) Lab at Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, advised by [Soheil Kolouri](https://engineering.vanderbilt.edu/bio/soheil-kolouri). I obtained my Ph.D. degree in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, University of Delaware, in 2021. Before that, I received my M.Sc. degree in Mathematics from Marshall University, Huntington, West Virginia, in 2016, and my B.Sc. degree in Medical Imaging from Mudanjiang Medical University, China, in 2012. My research interests include comoutational optimal transport, and its applications in computer vision, statistics, transformation learning, etc.

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder. -->

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
